Even a bet
You have already lost, why do you say I lost?
Are you sure about the top floor of the Oriental Pearl?
You packed it.
Huh, needless to say?
Manager Jiang came out to say something
Let Master Su die on the top floor of the Oriental Pearl
It belongs to Su Shaobao
In other words, our boss
What is Su Shao?
What's going on?
Manager Jiang, what do you mean?
When I came to pack the top floor
You told me it was free to use.
Su Shao greeted me in advance
Said someone would be arranged to follow the procedure
And here you are
Then I'll count it
Lao Han
How do you do it?
maybe
This is a misunderstanding.
I personally called Tang Yu
He's my uncle.
You said the top floor of this Oriental Pearl is for me
Still for you
Yechen
The old man was killed by you